capital = 192

oob = "UKR_1936"

set_research_slots = 3

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	basic_train = 1
	mobile_warfare = 1
	trade_interdiction = 1
	formation_flying = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	UKR_country_lore
	german_customs_union_member
	UKR_sugar_businesses
	}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		     iw_small_airframe = 1
			basic_small_airframe = 1
			iw_medium_airframe = 1
			basic_medium_airframe = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			engines_2 = 1
			aa_lmg = 1
			early_bombs = 1
			aircraft_construction = 1
			air_torpedoe_1 = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
		improved_light_tank = 1
		basic_heavy_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1927.1.1"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 30
	fascism = 25
	neutrality = 40
	communism = 5
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Kost Levytsky"
	desc = ""
	picture = GFX_portrait_Kost_Levytsky
	expire = "1953.3.1"
	ideology = conservatism
	traits = {
		
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Nikita Sergeyevich Khrushchyov"
	desc = ""
	picture = GFX_portrait_Nikita_Sergeyevich_Khrushchyov
	expire = "1953.3.1"
	ideology = marxism
	traits = {
		
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Stepan Bandera"
	desc = ""
	picture = gfx/leaders/UKR/Portrait_UKR_Stepan_Bandera.dds
	expire = "1953.3.1"
	ideology = fascism_ideology
	traits = {
		
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Vasyl Vyshivanyi"
	desc = "Vasyl Vyshivanyi"
	picture = gfx/leaders/UKR/Portrait_UKR_Vasyl_Habsburg.dds
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = despotism
	traits = {
	 UKR_king_of_ukraine
	}
}

recruit_character = UKR_pavlo_skoropadskyi
recruit_character = UKR_yevhen_konovalets
recruit_character = UKR_semen_goruk
recruit_character = UKR_volodymyr_salsky
recruit_character = UKR_oleksandr_osetsky
recruit_character = UKR_vsevolod_petriv
recruit_character = UKR_andriy_melnyk
recruit_character = UKR_roman_shukhevych
recruit_character = UKR_mykhailo_omelianovych_pavlenko
recruit_character = UKR_oleksandr_udovychenko
recruit_character = UKR_pavlo_shandruk
recruit_character = UKR_oleksandr_hrekiv
recruit_character = UKR_vsevolod_zmienko
recruit_character = UKR_gavrylo_bazylsky
recruit_character = UKR_ivan_pavlenko
recruit_character = UKR_borys_paliy_neyilo
recruit_character = UKR_oleksyi_almazov
recruit_character = UKR_vasyl_tiutiunnyk
recruit_character = UKR_marko_bezruchko
recruit_character = UKR_mykola_shapoval
recruit_character = UKR_oleksandr_zagrodski
recruit_character = UKR_mykola_yunakiv
recruit_character = UKR_petro_dyachenko
recruit_character = UKR_kristina_sushko
recruit_character = UKR_roman_dashkevych
recruit_character = UKR_dmytro_bilinchuck
recruit_character = UKR_oleksandr_gadd
recruit_character = UKR_vasyl_pylypenko
recruit_character = UKR_mykhailo_bilinskiy
